Create 2023-Nov-BookDash-10.md (#3503)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: workshops/book-dash/2023-Nov-BookDash-10.md

   * The Book Dash organizing committee sought input from the community on ways to improve the accessibility of the event for people from marginalized groups.
   * Two social events were held in Spanish.
   * Collaborative documents were moved to the Framapad platform as a more screen-reader-accessible option than HackMD. Framapad was also an improvement over the Software Sustainability Institute's Etherpad instance, which was unstable with multiple simultaneous participants.
   * The Accessibility Working Group was joined by two colleagues from Metadocencia, Patricia Loto and Jesica Formoso, who shared expertise in leading accessible events and educational experiences
   * The Accessibility Working Group met early in the Book Dash to plan work on the TTW accessibility Policy and review the chapter "Planning Inclusive and Accessible Events" for the Guide to Collaboration authored by Sophia Batchelor.
   * Patricia and Jesica provided complete reviews of the chapter. Liz provided advice and started discussions at the Book Dash and on GitHub on the overall structure and also considerations of the identities of readers and people who will benefit from this work. 

> ### Book Dash Planning Committee (all of us should add our info and bio)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Book Dash Planning Committee
```

   * Deadline for submission: 11 September 2023 (anywhere on Earth) - (originally on 15 September 2023 but extended)
   * Decisions on the applications: Latest by 01 October 2023
   * Pre Book Dash Onboarding calls (2 x 1 hour): 30 October 2023. 
       * 9:00 am session: led Batool, Saranjeet, Emma, Anne, Alexandra
       * 17:00 session: Arielle, Anne, Alexandra
   * Pre Book Dash GitHub Skill-up (1 hour): 6 November 2023, led by Batool Almarzouq and Johanna Bayer
   * Book Dash Contribution Sessions during the week: of 13-16 November 2023
   * The Turing Way community share-out: 17 November 2023. Additions to The Turing Way Book
*Curated from the DAY-5 share out notes*

### **GitHub activities:** New and existing Pull Requests and Issues that attendees worked on: (Batool)
   * 34 Issues
   * 42 Pull Requests
   * Several first-time contributors to an Open Source project repository were made during the GitHub workshops, as well as during the first two days of the event. 
   * 6 new chapters/subchapters were published, while 5 existing chapters/subchapters were revised and updated.

### **New chapters published in The Turing Way book**

>    * "Data Feminism" Landing Page ([https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3417)](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3417))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Data Feminism Landing Page](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3417)](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3417)
```

>    * "Finding data :subchapter to RDM chapter in guide for reproducibility ([https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3369)](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3369))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Finding data](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3369)](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3369)
```

>    * "Patent and trademark" sub-chapter to licening section in reproducible research

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Patent and trademark sub-chapter](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/reproducible-research/licensing.html?highlight=patent%20trademark#patents) to licening section 
```

   * The Translation and localisation chapter in the Community handbook received some updates by María Nanton to add more detail to the use of glossaries in the translation workflow and to bring some key documentation that was in Crowdin to the main guide. Some links were made to other chapters in the book to integrate good practices when creating or updating content: in the style guide, a call to write "localisable" content was added–so that the original text in English is easy to translate–and an invitation to improve and update Alt-text that might be incomplete before translating it. The Spanish-specific translation guidelines were also created. Merged PR [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3431](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3431)

>    * Add new resources to Open Education [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3412/files](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3412/files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Added new resources to Open Education [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3412/files](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3412/files)
```

   * Project design guide updates [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3412](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3412)
   * Adds BigCode as a case study for a real world example of ML data governance [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3165/files](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3165/files)

### Our attendees also led and participated in the following informal discussions and public events:**

>    * On day 1, the social session was used as a short imageathon sprint to upskill participants in how to add images to The Turing Way book and then get participants to add images. This also involved discussing and writing alt text for the images.  Slides from the training can be found here: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J\_U6KK7GMtQEAhGnv2Nb\_v9B8\_vJ63pYHFkH9qIVG2k/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J\_U6KK7GMtQEAhGnv2Nb\_v9B8\_vJ63pYHFkH9qIVG2k/edit?usp=sharing) and Issues and PRs were centralised in this issue: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3331](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3331) . We managed to add 13 images over the Book Dash week. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * On day 1, the social session was used as a short imageathon sprint to upskill participants in how to add images to The Turing Way book and then get participants to add images. This involved a [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J\_U6KK7GMtQEAhGnv2Nb\_v9B8\_vJ63pYHFkH9qIVG2k/edit?usp=sharing), and discussing and writing alt text for the images. Issues and PRs were centralised in issue [#3331](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3331) . We managed to add 13 images over the Book Dash week!
```

   * On day 2, we had two show and tell sessions - one in English and one in Spanish. These are fun, social sessions where the Book Dash participants share something from their work or personal life that they think will interest the group. Topics brought by participants in this session ranged from a love of Quarto to academic paper tracking, team building in nature in Uganda to a love of eating eggs, and sporty topics like roller derby, power lifting and charity bike rides. 
   * On day 3, we had a creative writing session from Jonny Writes words.

>    * On day 4, the social session was hosted by Richard Acton and he led a discussion session on Licenses, IP, \& Digital Ownership. Activities from the social session can be found on this shared document: [https://hackmd.io/Q0gEz9x6Rqm6fAiscfNF4Q?view](https://hackmd.io/Q0gEz9x6Rqm6fAiscfNF4Q?view) and this topic links to the following topical PRs: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3142](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3142) (see: [https://deploy-preview-3142--the-turing-way.netlify.app/reproducible-research/licensing)](https://deploy-preview-3142--the-turing-way.netlify.app/reproducible-research/licensing)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * On day 4, the social session was hosted by Richard Acton and he led a discussion session on Licenses, IP, \& Digital Ownership. Activities from the social session can be found on a [shared document](https://hackmd.io/Q0gEz9x6Rqm6fAiscfNF4Q?view) and this topic links to PR [#3142](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3142).
```

   * On day 5, we hosted two public share-out sessions!

>    * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
```

### **On Day 5, during the community shareouts, The Turing Way working group representatives shared updates from their respective groups**: 
   * Name: Susana and Ceilidh
       * Links to Issues and PR: 

>            * (DONE) Adding an image to the book: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3377](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3377)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * Adding an image to the book: [#3377](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3377) & [#3435](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3435)
```

       * ASK: checked by Kalle, Emma and Arielle and implemented in book!

>        * Links to Issues and PR: (later in the day) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>            * Adding an image to the book: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3435](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3435)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

       * ASK: saying deploy error, not sure how to fix.

   * Name: Jen
       * Links to Issues and PR: 

>            * This chapter is live now! [https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/data-governance/bigcode\_casestudy](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/data-governance/bigcode\_casestudy) (Thanks to Kalle, Esther, and Anne!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * The [BigCode Data Governance Case Study](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/data-governance/bigcode_casestudy) is live now! (Thanks to Kalle, Esther, and Anne!)
```

>            * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3411](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3411) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * [#3411](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3411) 
```

       * ASK: A future review after this draft case study is further along...
  
   * Name: Fran Gómez
       * Links to Issues and PR: 
           * Subchapter to industry-academia collaborations titled "case studies and best practices in academia-industry collaborations". Still in progress, but this week I made progress in putting together  resources in TTW and external to TTW useful for writing about best practices in academic-industry collaboration. (thank you to Vicky, Jen, Anne, Ale, Kalle, and Alejandro!)

>            * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3407](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3407)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * Issue [#3407](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3407) and PR [#2410](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3410)
```

>            * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3410](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3410)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>            * My first merge!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * My first merge! PR [#3414](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3414)
```

               * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3414](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3414)
       * ASK: Let me know of people who are doing research with industry and academia and might be interested in contributing to this chapter and/or benefit from this chapter!

   * Name: David Llewellyn-Jones
       * Links to Issues and PR:

>            * Fixing typos in the Community Handbook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * Fixing typos in the Community Handbook: Issue [#3346](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3346) and PR [#3347](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3347)
```

>                * Issue: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3346](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3346)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>                * PR: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3347](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3347)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>            * Switching Twitter for X:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * Switching Twitter for X: Issue [#3357](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3357) and PR [#3396](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3396/)
```

>                * Issue: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3357](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3357)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

               * PR: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3396/](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3396/)
           * Rationalise Cross Reference examples

>                * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3349](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3349)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

               * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3392](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3392)
           * 4. Some PR reviewing (should have done more!):
               * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3376](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3376)
           * 5. Scriberia Illustration
               * For the "When Review Goes Wrong" subchapter... in progress
           * 6. For the future:

>                * Small issue to fix: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3356](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3356)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               * Small issue to fix: [#3356](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3356)
```

>                * Add material about Mastodon: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3359](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3359)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               * Add material about Mastodon: Issue [#3359](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3359)
```

       * ASK:
           * The "When Review Goes Wrong" page is still very early work-in-progress, but any high-level feedback would be appreciated. Is this a sensible addition, or just making things too complex?

   * Name:  Batool Almarzouq
       * Links to Issues and PR:

>            * HackMD Draft that all PMs and Kalle (RAM): [https://hackmd.io/t2Bnqwt8Qv6GPpWvH3iRzQ?both](https://hackmd.io/t2Bnqwt8Qv6GPpWvH3iRzQ?both)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * [HackMD Draft ](https://hackmd.io/t2Bnqwt8Qv6GPpWvH3iRzQ?both) that all PMs and Kalle (RAM)
```

>            * Issue: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3424](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3424)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * Issue: [#3424](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3424) and PR [#3430](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3430)
```

           * PR fixing the issue: [https://deploy-preview-3430--the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/logical-frameworks-overview](https://deploy-preview-3430--the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/logical-frameworks-overview)

>            * PR: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3430](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3430)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

           * Another PR to re-organise the Project Design: [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVNPYo3M4=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVNPYo3M4=/)

>        * ASK: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   * Name:  Sarah
       * Links to Issues and PR: [https://github.com/sgibson91/test-multilingual-sphinx](https://github.com/sgibson91/test-multilingual-sphinx) (it's a repo)

>        * ASK: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   * Name:  Saranjeet

>        * Links to Issues and PR: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * Links to Issues and PR: [#3348 ](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3348) (Will be transferred into a PR soon (Ale is happy to collaborate)
```

           * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3348](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3348)

>            * Will be transferred into a PR soon (Ale is happy to collaborate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>        * ASK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

         
   * Name: Accessibility Working Group (Patricia, Liz & Jesica)

>        * Links to Issues and PR: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3307 (reviewing inclusive events chapter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * Links to Issues and PR: Issue [#3307](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3307) on reviewing inclusive events chapter
```

       * ASK: 

   * Name: Ale
       * Links to issues and PR:
           * Thanks to Kalle - reviewing PR's and pushing to review
           * Encourage Governance contributions (Anne, Esther, Anne)

>            * The turing way Practitioners Hub: thanks Batool. Activity plan, training sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           * *The Turing Way* Practitioners Hub: thanks Batool. Activity plan, training sessions
```

           * Susana: in-person suggestions for more inclusive snacks

>        * ASK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   * Name: Arielle

>        * Links to issues and PR: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3417 (reviewed data feminism chapter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * Links to issues and PR: Reviewed the data feminism chapter: PR [#3417]( https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3417)
```

           * Thanks to Kalle

>        * ASK: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

           * Amazing week with new and old faces in TTW book dash
           * Nice chats with Maria N and Patricia from Metadocencia about the history of the Spanish translation team and trainings on satellite image technologies
           * Calum for quickly capturing complex ideas into nice illustrations
           * Anne F for joining the Scriberia session with Calum
           * Accessibility funds of the Book Dash for the childcare support. Matilda had a great company and time with her babysitter, Marjana.
       * Gave back (PRs reviewed - all them amazing contributions):
           * Esther (Research Data Management): very interesting stuff about Data Repositories 
           * Maria (TTW Spanish Translation Guidelines): thank you for bringing fresh ideas!
           * Julien C (Open Hardware): very insighful for me and pertinent for some colleagues working on Open Hardware for Environmental monitoring and education 
           * Richard (Ethical Licensing): this requires further reading, but it was so informative to learn about the fundamental freedoms of free/libre software and ! This is very relevant to a project I'm participating about Open Computer Vision.

>            * Notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Videos:

>    * Share-out Session 1: [https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E](https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Share-out Session 1](https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E)
```

>    * Share-out Session 2: [https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y](https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Share-out Session 2](https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y)
```

### New Illustrations by Scriberia for *The Turing Way* Community 
   * Illustration files are posted on Zenodo: [https://zenodo.org/record/3332807](https://zenodo.org/record/3332807).
   * Particular set from this Book Dash is available at: [https://zenodo.org/records/10556824](https://zenodo.org/records/10556824)

>    * Please reuse them and cite as *The Turing Way Community, \& Scriberia. (2021). Illustrations from the Turing Way book dashes. Zenodo. *[https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807Feedback](*https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807*Feedback)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Please reuse them and cite as *The Turing Way Community, \& Scriberia. (2021). Illustrations from the Turing Way book dashes. Zenodo. *[https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807)
 
 # Feedback
```

## Pluses 
At the end of the event, we asked our participants to share feedback anonymously in the “Pluses and Deltas” HackMD.
We greatly appreciate the work that our attendees have accomplished in the project during this short event and thank them for their feedback, a few of which have been highlighted below.

>    * I really loved the accessibility, the flexibility and in general the whole community VIBE. As a github beginner, I really appreciated the support in every step, the celebration of the little steps I took and all the comments and help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * I really loved the accessibility, the flexibility and in general the whole community VIBE. As a GitHub beginner, I really appreciated the support in every step, the celebration of the little steps I took and all the comments and help.
```

   * I really appreciated the onboarding session and the GitHub sessions. TTW is the biggest open-source project I have contributed to, and they made the process of contributing a lot clearer and approachable. +1+1
   * Accessibility is an asset of our vibrant TTW community. Thanks for all your effort to make Book Dash accessible. Just wanted to thank Book Dash organisers for all the exciting sessions and subsidising childcare. Fantastic to have this support!

>    * Later sessions to support participation of folks in americas timezones worked really well and we should keep these for the next Book Dash to encourage wider participation from that area +1 +1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Later sessions to support participation of folks in Americas timezones worked really well and we should keep these for the next Book Dash to encourage wider participation from that area. +1+1
```

   * The pre-prepared slides with the timer videos are great! +1

>    * The later sessions were also really helpful as someone who was only able to work in the evenings in the UK.+1+1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The later sessions were also really helpful as someone who was only able to work in the evenings in the UK. +1+1
```

   * The git and GitHub intro session was genuinely excellent, but I think it might also be worthwhile considering a session for people who understand git, but don't necessarily understand how TTW uses git. It's not like other projects I've worked on previously in this respect, which isn't a criticism at all, but it does take time/effort to get to grips with the conventions (even though they are largely detailed in TTW itself).+1 +1 
       * I didn't attend the git + GitHub session but I imagine that this session on git would need to be extremely hands-on as well. I also think a workshop should show how we could work in an editor like VS Code (which I was using) and push our edits. It's so much nicer with a GUI that is local in your computer and not a flimsy website (like GitHub) where your edits might disappear if you accidentally reload the window or something...
   * I think that including subtitles to the sessions it would helpful for not native folks. +1 (also for those of us who are a bit hard of hearing)
   * Recording audio for videos is difficult for the share-outs

> ## What’s next?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changes Suggested for future Book Dashes
```

   * **Changes Suggested for future Book Dashes**
       * Preparing color pallete for TTW: color-blind friendly, ensures continuity in design
       * Re-doing image social session on Monday: very popular session!
       * Zoom link must be opened by a Turing staff member (need lots of alternative hosts!)

>        * Review how the RCM \& RPM are distributed throughout the day, and how Committee is distributed throughout the sessions for different timezones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * Review how the planning Committee is distributed throughout the sessions for different timezones
```

       * Review timezones for the sessions overall, and capturing that information from participants

>        * Will be moving away from Eventbrite platform for future Book Dashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * We will be moving away from Eventbrite platform for future Book Dashes
```

       * Review application process

>    * Take a lead on addressing some of the concerns raised on the Delta feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Address concerns raised on the Delta feedback
```

>    * Represent *The Turing Way* in your community/conference, see our promotion pack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is next? 

   * Represent *The Turing Way* in your community/conference, see our promotion pack
```

   * Attend a synchronous coworking such as online Collaboration Cafes take place every first and second Wednesday from 15:00 to 17:00 London time. Or weekly Coworking call every Monday from 11:00 - 12:00 London time.

>    * Host one of these calls, see details here: [https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking.html](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * [Host one of these calls](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking.html](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking.html)
```

>    * Attend a fireside chat, speak at one, or organise one in your community: [https://hackmd.io/@turingway/fireside-chats](https://hackmd.io/@turingway/fireside-chats)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Attend a [fireside chat](https://hackmd.io/@turingway/fireside-chats), speak at one, or organise one in your community
```

   * Contribute new topics or review open pull requests

>    * Join us on social media platforms or connect in other ways described here: [https://the-turing-way.start.page/](https://the-turing-way.start.page/) wondering where to start?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Wondering where to start? Join us on social media platforms or [connect in other ways ](https://the-turing-way.start.page/).
```

   * GitHub planning issue:[https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3210](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3210)

>    * GitHub Book Dash Governance: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3231#issuecomment-1647578024](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3231#issuecomment-1647578024)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [GitHub Book Dash Governance](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3231#issuecomment-1647578024)
```

>    * Application form: [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/13QsDH0rHtI3qRCj9yem4\_iXHrVKb\_9wZtQ-ALkpbYtk/edit](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/13QsDH0rHtI3qRCj9yem4\_iXHrVKb\_9wZtQ-ALkpbYtk/edit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## November 2024 Book Dash Links

   * [Application form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/13QsDH0rHtI3qRCj9yem4\_iXHrVKb\_9wZtQ-ALkpbYtk/edit)
```

>        * Book Dash Application Walk-Through: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG-KxZzOGXo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG-KxZzOGXo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * [Video: Book Dash Application Walk-Through](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG-KxZzOGXo)
```

>        * Book Dash Tips for applying: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM2890OCOKk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM2890OCOKk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * [Video: Book Dash Tips for applying](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM2890OCOKk)
```

   * Call for local hub hosts: [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Pws8ekhPLEjIcXH4IdVmxzM\_tKcTJGTtBvxKw16sHh8/edit](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Pws8ekhPLEjIcXH4IdVmxzM\_tKcTJGTtBvxKw16sHh8/edit)

>    * Expression of Interest to Join *The Turing Way* Book Dash Committee: [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1iloN19gNKQJPNR7a28QRGSgP-SHXtJi866CspZgFijY/edit](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1iloN19gNKQJPNR7a28QRGSgP-SHXtJi866CspZgFijY/edit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Google Form: Expression of Interest to Join *The Turing Way* Book Dash Committee](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1iloN19gNKQJPNR7a28QRGSgP-SHXtJi866CspZgFijY/edit)
```

>    * Eventbrite page for the participants to register: [https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-turing-way-book-dash-nov-2023-tickets-734720848837](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-turing-way-book-dash-nov-2023-tickets-734720848837)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Eventbrite page for the participants to register](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-turing-way-book-dash-nov-2023-tickets-734720848837)
```

>    * Eventbrite page to register for the share-outs [https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-turing-way-working-group-and-collaborator-celebrations-nov-2023-tickets-744294955247?aff=oddtdtcreator](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-turing-way-working-group-and-collaborator-celebrations-nov-2023-tickets-744294955247?aff=oddtdtcreator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Eventbrite page for the share-outs](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-turing-way-working-group-and-collaborator-celebrations-nov-2023-tickets-744294955247?aff=oddtdtcreator)
```

>    * Document with all links: [https://hackmd.io/HvEB6iCcRDeqnmkpamnueg](https://hackmd.io/HvEB6iCcRDeqnmkpamnueg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [HackMD with all links](https://hackmd.io/HvEB6iCcRDeqnmkpamnueg)
```

   * Onboarding calls, 30 November: [https://hackmd.io/HiszAIqxS4Kp4AXtTE6iwA](https://hackmd.io/HiszAIqxS4Kp4AXtTE6iwA)

>    * GitHub Skill-up Session and Collaboration Cafe, 06 November: [https://hackmd.io/vZWIal5ZTSO8sCsst57lYw](https://hackmd.io/vZWIal5ZTSO8sCsst57lYw)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/vZWIal5ZTSO8sCsst57lYw) GitHub Skill-up Session and Collaboration Cafe, 06 November
```

>    * Bonus Playlist with songs selected by our attendees: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfhEKpFiepM\&list=PLBxcQEfGu3DlOYCtSKkVkB4IWk5qEL516](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfhEKpFiepM\&list=PLBxcQEfGu3DlOYCtSKkVkB4IWk5qEL516)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Bonus Playlist with songs selected by our attendees](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfhEKpFiepM\&list=PLBxcQEfGu3DlOYCtSKkVkB4IWk5qEL516)
```

   * For specific notes from each day, please visit one of the following notes: 

>        * **Day 1, 13 November**: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day1](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day1), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/rJvNUQnsSiao7jSdSErj2g](https://hackmd.io/rJvNUQnsSiao7jSdSErj2g)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * **[Day 1, 13 November](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day1)**, [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/rJvNUQnsSiao7jSdSErj2g)
```

>        * **Day 2, 14 November**: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day2](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day2), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/FKIiaD0fTdO40jcKTVcQ1g](https://hackmd.io/FKIiaD0fTdO40jcKTVcQ1g)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * **[Day 2, 14 November](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day2)**, [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/FKIiaD0fTdO40jcKTVcQ1g)
```

>        * **Day 3, 15 November**: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day3](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day3), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/gQdLs4UVRGaWZTRIDBDqWA](https://hackmd.io/gQdLs4UVRGaWZTRIDBDqWA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * **[Day 3, 15 November](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day3)**, [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/gQdLs4UVRGaWZTRIDBDqWA)
```

>        * **Day 4, 16 November**:[https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day4](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day4) , HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/Ra2VmtowRuiIXrJLUiKUlg](https://hackmd.io/Ra2VmtowRuiIXrJLUiKUlg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * **[Day 4, 16 November](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day4)**, [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/Ra2VmtowRuiIXrJLUiKUlg)
```

>        * **Day 5, 17 November**: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day5](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day5), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/WezujLnWTUCozHzUomdTQA](https://hackmd.io/WezujLnWTUCozHzUomdTQA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * **[Day 5, 17 November](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day5)**, [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/WezujLnWTUCozHzUomdTQA)
```

>    * Post-event feedback: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/cB7rgWJ-S9WugCFrWrKt1g](https://hackmd.io/cB7rgWJ-S9WugCFrWrKt1g)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Post-event feedback](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback), [HackM](https://hackmd.io/cB7rgWJ-S9WugCFrWrKt1g)
```

   * Reports from the previous events:

>        * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/tree/main/workshops/book-dash](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/tree/main/workshops/book-dash)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

_Screenshot of the second Community Share-outs, hosted on 17 November 2023. From top to bottom, left to right: Alexandra Araujo Alvarez, Anne Lee Steele, Jim Madge, Cass Goud van Praag, Ada Zoom Room, Kirstie Whitaker, Sarah Gibson, David Llewellyn-Jones, Jennifer Ding, Fran Gomez, David Sarmiento, Arielle Bennett, Batool Almarzouq, Susana Roman Garcia, Sophia Batchelor, Ceilidh Welsh, Saranjeet Kaur (not pictured)._

Accepted participants, trainers and presenters in alphabetical order:

> Anne Lee Steele (*), Alejandro Coca-Castro, Alexandra Araujo Alvarez (*), Arielle Bennett (*), Batool Almarzouq (*), Calum Heath (Scriberia illustrator), Cari Hyde-Vaamonde, Ceilidh Welsh, Emma Karoune (*), Eriol Fox, Esther Plomp (*), Francisco Gomez-Medina, David Llewellyn-Jones, David Sarmiento, Gigi Kenneth, Jennifer Ding, Jesica Formoso, Johanna Bayer, Jonny Heath (Jonny Writes words - workshop facilitator), Kalle Westerling, Kirstie Whitaker, Liz Hare (*), Malvika Sharan, Maria Cristina Nanton, Mike Nolan, Patricia Andrea Loto, Richard J. Acton, Sarah Gibson, Sara Villa, Saranjeet Kaur (*), Susana Roman-Garcia (*) and Winny Nekesa (*)

Author: Anne Lee Steele (*), Alejandro Coca-Castro, Alexandra Araujo Alvarez (*), Arielle Bennett (*), Batool Almarzouq (*), Calum Heath (Scriberia illustrator), Cari Hyde-Vaamonde, Ceilidh Welsh, Emma Karoune (*), Eriol Fox, Esther Plomp (*), Francisco Gomez-Medina, David Llewellyn-Jones, David Sarmiento, Gigi Kenneth, Jennifer Ding, Jesica Formoso, Johanna Bayer (*), Jonny Heath (Jonny Writes words - workshop facilitator), Kalle Westerling, Kirstie Whitaker, Liz Hare (*), Malvika Sharan, Maria Cristina Nanton, Mike Nolan, Patricia Andrea Loto, Richard J. Acton, Sarah Gibson, Sara Villa, Saranjeet Kaur (*), Susana Roman-Garcia (*) and Winny Nekesa (*)

> (*) Book Dash Planning Committee 2023 members. 

Reviewer 2: I was also in the BookDash planning committee - I gave the introduction to git workshop and helped with reviewing applicants. But never mind, there were certainly people that did more than I

Author: This is an error, let's add it please!!! (apologies!)

   * To get a sense of the time zones these applicants came from, we asked them to choose their preferred slots during the day that they could join. 
   * The Book Dash Planning Committee used the rubrics (as explained in the online chapter) to score the applications during the review. They met online to discuss applications, frame feedback and conclude their selection process.
   * Relevant sub-chapter: [https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/bookdash/bookdash-application](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/bookdash/bookdash-application)
   * In the future, applications will include a wider range of timeslots for participation, and may also benefit from additional explanations of the type of work which is completed during a Book Dash. 
### Hosting sessions 

   * Along with Anne, we started a new issue to create the Book Dash Planning Committee subchapter ([https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3367)](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3367)). The main idea was to create checklists for day lead(s) and session host(s). 

>    * We circulated these WIP checklists through the planning committee so that they can be tested live during the book dash itself and we also received some feedback on it.

Reviewer 2: I would write out WIP at least once - sorry if i missed this

   * Two social events were held in Spanish.
   * Collaborative documents were moved to the Framapad platform as a more screen-reader-accessible option than HackMD. Framapad was also an improvement over the Software Sustainability Institute's Etherpad instance, which was unstable with multiple simultaneous participants.
   * The Accessibility Working Group was joined by two colleagues from Metadocencia, Patricia Loto and Jesica Formoso, who shared expertise in leading accessible events and educational experiences
   * The Accessibility Working Group met early in the Book Dash to plan work on the TTW accessibility Policy and review the chapter "Planning Inclusive and Accessible Events" for the Guide to Collaboration authored by Sophia Batchelor.
   * Patricia and Jesica provided complete reviews of the chapter. Liz provided advice and started discussions at the Book Dash and on GitHub on the overall structure and also considerations of the identities of readers and people who will benefit from this work. 
### Book Dash Planning Committee (all of us should add our info and bio)

> [ Image will be placed here ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Removing as there is no photo/image?

> *Planning committee members (order - left to right and top to bottom):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Planning committee members
```

Learn more about them:

   * Anne Lee Steele is the Research Community Manager of The Turing Way. She provided the Book Dash Planning Committee operational support during the planning process, coordinated the communications campaign, and mentored contributors throughout the week. She also co-hosted the in-person hub in London, and facilitated hybrid Community Share-out and Working Group share-out sessions at the end of the week.

>    * Alexandra Araujo Alvarez is the Research Project Manager for The Turing Way. She provided the Book Dash Planning Committee operational support, being responsible for managing the Book Dash budget, contracting external suppliers, processing participants expenses and organising the catering at the in-person hub in London

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Alexandra Araujo Alvarez is the Research Project Manager for The Turing Way. She provided the Book Dash Planning Committee operational support, being responsible for managing the Book Dash budget, contracting external suppliers, processing participants expenses and organising the catering at the in-person hub in London.
```

   * Arielle is the Programme Manager for the Tools, Practices \& Systems Programme at the Alan Turing Institute. In *The Turing Way*, she has worked on writing, facilitating discussion and mentored contributions in the Guide for Ethical Research and Guide to Collaboration.
   * Emma is the Senior Research Community Manager for the Health programme at The Alan Turing Institute, and an Environmental Archaeology and Palaeoecology open researcher. She has led several collaborations and discussions on chapters within the Guides for Collaboration and Communication including 'Getting started with GitHub' and chapters on writing for wider audiences such as blogs, lay summaries and social media.

>    * Esther is a Data Steward at the Delft University of Technology, Faculty of Applied Sciences, the Netherlands. She has been a core contributor to the project developing, guiding and collaborating on chapters related to data management and reproducibility - and leads our partnership with the TU Delft  (details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Esther is a Data Steward at the Delft University of Technology, Faculty of Applied Sciences, the Netherlands. She has been a core contributor to the project developing, guiding and collaborating on chapters related to data management and reproducibility - and leads the partnership with TU Delft.
```

>    * Saranjeet is a Fellow of the Software Sustainability Institute and Community Manager at the Research Software Alliance. She has been a part of The Turing Way community since 2021.

Author: @likeajumprope, please add here a line about yourself please

>    * Liz is a researcher in the working dog field. She has participated in 3 Book Dashes and is the Co-lead of the Accessibility Working Group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Liz is a researcher in the working dog field. She has participated in three Book Dashes and is the Co-lead of the Accessibility Working Group. 
```

>    * Winny  is the   Africa Regional Secretary at (International Association for Social Science Information Service and Technology (IASSIST). She is responsible for coordinating trainings and data related activities in Africa. She has participated in two Book Dashes. She is also a certified Carpentry instructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Winny  is the Africa Regional Secretary at (International Association for Social Science Information Service and Technology (IASSIST). She is responsible for coordinating trainings and data related activities in Africa. She has participated in two Book Dashes. She is also a certified Carpentry instructor.
```

We want to express our gratitude for their thoughtful engagement in the project and for helping build an inclusive and safe place in the Book Dash. It is only with their help, we can host the next event in May 2024 taking careful consideration for our participants.

### Timeline 
   * Call for application to join the Book Dash Planning Committee and local hub start date: 10 July 2023
   * Deadline to complete the Expression of Interest to Join *The Turing Way* Book Dash Committee: 31 July 2023 (originally on 21 July but was extended to 31 July 2023)
   * Deadline for local hub - an expression of interest: 9 September 2023
   * Call for Applications for Participants: 24 July 2023
   * Deadline for submission: 11 September 2023 (anywhere on Earth) - (originally on 15 September 2023 but extended)
   * Decisions on the applications: Latest by 01 October 2023
   * Pre Book Dash Onboarding calls (2 x 1 hour): 30 October 2023. 

>        * 9:00 am session: led Batool, Saranjeet, Emma, Anne, Alexandra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * 9:00 am session: led by Batool, Saranjeet, Emma, Anne, Alexandra
```

>        * 17:00 session: Arielle, Anne, Alexandra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * 17:00 session: led by Arielle, Anne, Alexandra
```

>    * Pre Book Dash GitHub Skill-up (1 hour): 6 November 2023, led by Batool Almarzouq and Johanna Bayer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Pre Book Dash GitHub Skill-up (1 hour): 6 November 2023, led by Batool and Johanna
```

   * Book Dash Contribution Sessions during the week: of 13-16 November 2023
   * The Turing Way community share-out: 17 November 2023. Additions to The Turing Way Book

> *Curated from the DAY-5 share out notes*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### **GitHub activities:** New and existing Pull Requests and Issues that attendees worked on: (Batool)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GitHub activities: New and existing Pull Requests and Issues that attendees worked on
```

   * 34 Issues
   * 42 Pull Requests

>    * Several first-time contributors to an Open Source project repository were made during the GitHub workshops, as well as during the first two days of the event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Several first-time contributors!
```

>    * 6 new chapters/subchapters were published, while 5 existing chapters/subchapters were revised and updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Six new chapters/subchapters were published and five existing chapters/subchapters were revised and updated.
```

           * Notes:
               * Alejandro's sixth week, very nice week hahaha late 

### Videos:
   * Share-out Session 1: [https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E](https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E)
   * Share-out Session 2: [https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y](https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y)

### New Illustrations by Scriberia for *The Turing Way* Community 
   * Illustration files are posted on Zenodo: [https://zenodo.org/record/3332807](https://zenodo.org/record/3332807).
   * Particular set from this Book Dash is available at: [https://zenodo.org/records/10556824](https://zenodo.org/records/10556824)
   * Please reuse them and cite as *The Turing Way Community, \& Scriberia. (2021). Illustrations from the Turing Way book dashes. Zenodo. *[https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807Feedback](*https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807*Feedback)

## Pluses 
At the end of the event, we asked our participants to share feedback anonymously in the “Pluses and Deltas” HackMD.
We greatly appreciate the work that our attendees have accomplished in the project during this short event and thank them for their feedback, a few of which have been highlighted below.

> Copy from: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

# Book Dash, November 2023 Report

> If you are new to HackMD, please see this short guide: [https://hackmd.io/@turingway/hackmd-guide](https://hackmd.io/@turingway/hackmd-guide)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
No need to have - not uploaded on HackMD

       * Previous attendees and long-term members of the community were also invited to sign up as mentors for new contributors and session leads as part of the application process
   * Applicants were asked to describe what they wanted to contribute to the Turing Way during the Book Dash, and how they would collaborate and engaqe with other participants.
   * To get a sense of the time zones these applicants came from, we asked them to choose their preferred slots during the day that they could join. 
   * The Book Dash Planning Committee used the rubrics (as explained in the online chapter) to score the applications during the review. They met online to discuss applications, frame feedback and conclude their selection process.
   * Relevant sub-chapter: [https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/bookdash/bookdash-application](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/bookdash/bookdash-application)
   * In the future, applications will include a wider range of timeslots for participation, and may also benefit from additional explanations of the type of work which is completed during a Book Dash. 

> ### Hosting sessions 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

### Hosting sessions 
```
Adding in spaces

   * The checklists involved tasks for both the primary and secondary day leads and session hosts.
   * For the day leads, the checklist was divided into 3 parts: before the day they lead, during the day they lead, and after the day they lead ends.
   * For the session hosts, the checklist was divided into 3 parts (for both contribution and social sessions): before session, during session, and after the session. The checklist provided a technical orientation to hosting as well as describing the role of host.

### Accessibility Assessment 

   * The Book Dash organizing committee sought input from the community on ways to improve the accessibility of the event for people from marginalized groups.
   * Two social events were held in Spanish.
   * Collaborative documents were moved to the Framapad platform as a more screen-reader-accessible option than HackMD. Framapad was also an improvement over the Software Sustainability Institute's Etherpad instance, which was unstable with multiple simultaneous participants.

>    * The Accessibility Working Group was joined by two colleagues from Metadocencia, Patricia Lotto and  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * The Accessibility Working Group was joined by two colleagues from Metadocencia, Patricia Loto and Jesica Formoso, who shared expertise in leading accessible events and educational experiences
```
Suggested formatting edit

>    * Jesica Formoso, who shared expertise in leading accessible events and educational experiences

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

   * The Accessibility Working Group met early in the Book Dash to plan work on the TTW accessibility Policy and review the chapter "Planning Inclusive and Accessible Events" for the Guide to Collaboration authored by Sophia Batchelor.
   * Patricia and Jesica provided complete reviews of the chapter. Liz provided advice and started discussions at the Book Dash and on GitHub on the overall structure and also considerations of the identities of readers and people who will benefit from this work. 
### Book Dash Planning Committee (all of us should add our info and bio)

> [ Image will be placed here ]

Reviewer 3: Do we have a photo of all of us, actually?

Author: Sadly, no

*Planning committee members (order - left to right and top to bottom):

Learn more about them:

>    * Anne Lee Steele is the Research Community manager of The Turing Way. She provided the Book Dash Planning Committee operational support during the planning process, coordinated the communications campaign, and mentored contributors throughout the week. She also co-hosted the in-person hub in London, and facilitated hybrid Community Share-out and Working Group share-out sessions at the end of the week.

Reviewer 3: Sorry that was my typo!
```suggestion
   * Anne Lee Steele is the Research Community Manager of The Turing Way. She provided the Book Dash Planning Committee operational support during the planning process, coordinated the communications campaign, and mentored contributors throughout the week. She also co-hosted the in-person hub in London, and facilitated hybrid Community Share-out and Working Group share-out sessions at the end of the week.
```

Reviewer 3: Should you and I have our full names there @AlexandraAAJ? Or just first names?

           * Issue: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3424](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3424)
           * PR fixing the issue: [https://deploy-preview-3430--the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/logical-frameworks-overview](https://deploy-preview-3430--the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/logical-frameworks-overview)
           * PR: [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3430](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3430)
           * Another PR to re-organise the Project Design: [https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVNPYo3M4=/](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVNPYo3M4=/)
       * ASK: 

   * Name:  Sarah
       * Links to Issues and PR: [https://github.com/sgibson91/test-multilingual-sphinx](https://github.com/sgibson91/test-multilingual-sphinx) (it's a repo)
       * ASK: 

   * Name:  Saranjeet
       * Links to Issues and PR: 
           * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3348](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3348)
           * Will be transferred into a PR soon (Ale is happy to collaborate)
       * ASK:
         

>    * Name: Accessibility Working Group

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * Name: Accessibility Working Group (Patricia, Liz & Jesica)
```

>        * Links to Issues and PR: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       * Links to Issues and PR: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3307 (reviewing inclusive events chapter)
```

       * ASK: 

   * Name: Ale
       * Links to issues and PR:

>            * Thanks to Kalle - reviewing PR's and pushing to  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
           * Thanks to Kalle - reviewing PR's and pushing to review
```

           * Nice chats with Maria N and Patricia from Metadocencia about the history of the Spanish translation team and trainings on satellite image technologies
           * Calum for quickly capturing complex ideas into nice illustrations
           * Anne F for joining the Scriberia session with Calum
           * Accessibility funds of the Book Dash for the childcare support. Matilda had a great company and time with her babysitter, Marjana.
       * Gave back (PRs reviewed - all them amazing contributions):
           * Esther (Research Data Management): very interesting stuff about Data Repositories 
           * Maria (TTW Spanish Translation Guidelines): thank you for bringing fresh ideas!
           * Julien C (Open Hardware): very insighful for me and pertinent for some colleagues working on Open Hardware for Environmental monitoring and education 
           * Richard (Ethical Licensing): this requires further reading, but it was so informative to learn about the fundamental freedoms of free/libre software and ! This is very relevant to a project I'm participating about Open Computer Vision.
           * Notes:

>                * Alejandro's sixth week, very nice week hahaha late 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Removing note not relevent - my fault for adding this!

### Videos:
   * Share-out Session 1: [https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E](https://youtu.be/sRuVu\_6vO-E)
   * Share-out Session 2: [https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y](https://youtu.be/oqxj-AVtA-Y)

### New Illustrations by Scriberia for *The Turing Way* Community 
   * Illustration files are posted on Zenodo: [https://zenodo.org/record/3332807](https://zenodo.org/record/3332807).
   * Particular set from this Book Dash is available at: [https://zenodo.org/records/10556824](https://zenodo.org/records/10556824)
   * Please reuse them and cite as *The Turing Way Community, \& Scriberia. (2021). Illustrations from the Turing Way book dashes. Zenodo. *[https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807Feedback](*https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807*Feedback)

## Pluses 
At the end of the event, we asked our participants to share feedback anonymously in the “Pluses and Deltas” HackMD.
We greatly appreciate the work that our attendees have accomplished in the project during this short event and thank them for their feedback, a few of which have been highlighted below.

> Copy from: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback)

Reviewer 3: Should we have this link here of the original framapad?

Author: No, it should be removed

       * **Day 3, 15 November**: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day3](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day3), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/gQdLs4UVRGaWZTRIDBDqWA](https://hackmd.io/gQdLs4UVRGaWZTRIDBDqWA)
       * **Day 4, 16 November**:[https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day4](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day4) , HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/Ra2VmtowRuiIXrJLUiKUlg](https://hackmd.io/Ra2VmtowRuiIXrJLUiKUlg)
       * **Day 5, 17 November**: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day5](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-day5), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/WezujLnWTUCozHzUomdTQA](https://hackmd.io/WezujLnWTUCozHzUomdTQA)
   * Post-event feedback: [https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2023-feedback), HackMD: [https://hackmd.io/cB7rgWJ-S9WugCFrWrKt1g](https://hackmd.io/cB7rgWJ-S9WugCFrWrKt1g)
   * Reports from the previous events:

>        * [https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/workshops/book-dash](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/workshops/book-dash)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/tree/main/workshops/book-dash](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/tree/main/workshops/book-dash)
```
